<p>
  Ramaze is working correctly with this application, now you can start working.
</p>

<p>
  To start you can modify:
  <ol>
    <li>
      <code>view/index.xhtml</code>, this page.
    </li>
    <li>
      <code>layout/default.xhtml</code>, the layout for this page.
    </li>
    <li>
      <code>controller/main.rb</code>, where you can change the header of this
      page and the <a href="/notemplate">notemplate</a> action
    </li>
  </ol>
</p>

<p>For more documentation, check out <a href="http://ramaze.net">ramaze.net</a> and <a href="http://wiki.ramaze.net">wiki.ramaze.net</a>, which includes:
  <ul>
    <li>a <a href="http://wiki.ramaze.net/Walkthrough">getting started</a> guide</li>
    <li>some <a href="http://wiki.ramaze.net/Screencasts">screencasts</a></li>
    <li>and an <a href="http://wiki.ramaze.net/Tutorials/Todolist">introductory tutorial</a></li>
    <li>You can also read the <a href="http://doc.rubyists.com/ramaze%2binnate/">rdocs</a></li>
  </ul>
</p>






<!-- Tabs -->
<h2 class="demoHeaders">Tabs</h2>
<div id="tabs">
	<ul>
		<li><a href="#tabs-1">First</a></li>
		<li><a href="#tabs-2">Second</a></li>
		<li><a href="#tabs-3">Third</a></li>
	</ul>
	<div id="tabs-1">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</div>
	<div id="tabs-2">Phasellus mattis tincidunt nibh. Cras orci urna, blandit id, pretium vel, aliquet ornare, felis. Maecenas scelerisque sem non nisl. Fusce sed lorem in enim dictum bibendum.</div>
	<div id="tabs-3">Nam dui erat, auctor a, dignissim quis, sollicitudin eu, felis. Pellentesque nisi urna, interdum eget, sagittis et, consequat vestibulum, lacus. Mauris porttitor ullamcorper augue.</div>
</div>


<!-- Dialog NOTE: Dialog is not generated by UI in this demo so it can be visually styled in themeroller-->
<h2 class="demoHeaders">Dialog</h2>
<p><a href="#" id="dialog_link" class="ui-state-default ui-corner-all"><span class="ui-icon ui-icon-newwin"></span>Open Dialog</a></p>



<!-- ui-dialog -->
<div id="dialog" title="Dialog Title">
	<p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</p>
</div>


<!-- Slider -->
<h2 class="demoHeaders">Slider</h2>
<div id="slider"></div>

<!-- Datepicker -->
<h2 class="demoHeaders">Datepicker</h2>
<div id="datepicker"></div>

<!-- Progressbar -->
<h2 class="demoHeaders">Progressbar</h2>
<div id="progressbar"></div>

<!-- Highlight / Error -->
<h2 class="demoHeaders">Highlight / Error</h2>
<div class="ui-widget">
	<div class="ui-state-highlight ui-corner-all" style="margin-top: 20px; padding: 0 .7em;">
		<p><span class="ui-icon ui-icon-info" style="float: left; margin-right: .3em;"></span>
		<strong>Hey!</strong> Sample ui-state-highlight style.</p>
	</div>
</div>
<br/>
<div class="ui-widget">
	<div class="ui-state-error ui-corner-all" style="padding: 0 .7em;">
		<p><span class="ui-icon ui-icon-alert" style="float: left; margin-right: .3em;"></span>
		<strong>Alert:</strong> Sample ui-state-error style.</p>
	</div>
</div>


